update expired links (#651)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/deployer.md

The main difference between deploying an ASA and App is that ASA takes `asset-name` and `ASADeploymentFlags` as input and App takes `smart-contract-names` and `AppDeploymentFlags` as input.

You can learn more about the flags from [Deployer API](https://algobuilder.dev/api/algob/interfaces/types.Deployer.html);

> You can learn more about Stateful Smart Contracts [here](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/features/asc1/stateful/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about Stateful Smart Contracts [here](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/get-details/dapps/smart-contracts/apps/).
```
